HOME PAGE
---------
Every bottle of Glencarron tells a story

Light, smooth and fruity, our Classic is the perfect introduction to the world of single malt Scotch whisky, encapsulating the flavours for which Glencarron is loved for around the world.


TOURS PAGE
----------
We offer a range of tours and tastings, led by our experienced guides, where you'll discover the process and people behind our exceptional spirits.

distillery-day.jpg
View of the distillery during the day


The Glencarron Experience (1 hour, £25)
Learn all you need to know about Scotch whisky with this insightful tour of The Glencarron Distillery.

The Premium Experience (1 hour, £35)
As above, but with a tutored tasting of our premium whiskies, including limited edition releases.

The Connoisseurs Tour (2 hours, £60)
An in-depth tour of our distillery and warehouse that takes you on a comprehensive journey through the making of Glencarron Whisky.


whisky-stills.jpg
View of four whisky stills

distillery-night.jpg
A view of the distillery light up at night

whisky-glass.jpg
A whisky bottle with some poured into a glass on a table

cellar-barrels.jpg
Barrels arranged on either side of a long cellar


NEWS PAGE
---------
bottles-on-shelves.jpg
Whisky bottles lined up across three shelves

Glencarron's creative past inspires new single malts

Glencarron Distillery, located in Wester Ross, has revealed a distinctive flavour-forward portfolio of Single Malts and a new look inspired by the distillery's creative heritage known for its...


whisky.jpg
Whisky being poured from one glass to another on a bar counter

What type of whisky drinker are you?

With many different types of whisky available in the world, there is no wonder that there are so many different types of whisky drinkers. From whisky newbie to seasoned whisky drinker &mdash; let's...


meeting.jpg
Several people with laptops sitting around a long table having a meeting

Glencarron joins new food & drink export council

Glencarron Managing Director Jacob Douglas has been honoured by invitation to join this new UK Export Council that aims to ensure that the world class food and drink products made in the UK are...


STORY PAGE
----------
Glencarron's creative past inspires new single malts

Posted on 5th October 2023 by John MacPherson
Category: General

Glencarron Distillery, located in Wester Ross, has revealed a distinctive flavour-forward portfolio of Single Malts and a new look inspired by the distillery's creative heritage. Known for its long-standing tradition of distilling classic, peated and triple distilled whisky and a vast eclectic cask inventory sourced from around the world, the portfolio has been artistically crafted by Master Blender Dr. Jane Gordon and her team. Displaying the diversity and versatility of Glencarron's orchard fruit-laden style, this new range spans the full spectrum of whisky flavour.

bottles-on-shelves.jpg
Whisky bottles lined up across three shelves

The new packaging takes inspiration from the first Glencarron Single Malt released over two decades ago, with the portfolio's colour palette inspired by Wester Ross' natural environment in which the distillery sits.

In addition to Glencarron The Original Ten, the Core Range will feature a new recipe for Glencarron's richly sherried twelve year old whisky, including port and bourbon casks interwoven for seamless smooth complexity.

The extraordinarily sweet smoky whisky distilled in the distillery's smoke season features in the new Smoky Ten and Smoky Twelve Year Old expressions. Both have their own flavour palette, created by maturing in bespoke oak casks, interwoven with Glencarron's hallmark sweet smoke.

A premium selection of Twenty One, Twenty Five and Thirty Year Old Single Malts brings an extremely rare opportunity to discover the exquisite integration of flavour resulting from decades of maturation. Matured in a diverse selection of highly distinctive oak casks, and interwoven with complex layers of refined and mellow smoke, each aged expression has been meticulously composed for aromatic finesse, sumptuous richness, and deep mellow maturity.

Glencarron will also continue its legacy of capturing unique moments in time through its Cask Edition Programme, and will continue to offer a travel retail collection featuring the Triple Distilled aged 10 years, as well as Quarter Cask and Smoky Quarter Cask expressions.

The new Glencarron range will become available in global markets gradually from November 2023.


Sign up to our newsletter to receive updates about new products, merchandise, events, and more from Glencarron!